"You, as faith leaders, are in a unique position in our society.
You at least want a split.
You attach it to the lock on the inside of your door and, when in range, pull out your smartphone to quickly get inside.
"You basically come out and throw as hard as you can."
"You beat cancer by how you live, why you live, and the manner in which you live," Scott said.
"You believed you were getting cash, you were getting out, and you might even be getting a sitcom," Shircliff said.
You be the judge The Strange Lady: This ghost-like "woman" seems to peering down at Curiosity from a cliff.
You both will get a mood boost, which inspires more positivity and better self-care during the holidays.
You brightened our lives.
You can access a range of preventive healthcare services all under one roof -- from cervical and breast cancer screenings to health education and assistance with signing up for health coverage.
You can allow or blacklist users under Connection Management, share videos, and shut down the computer providing Wi-Fi access automatically by timer.
You can also add a variety of filters to the images for even greater customization.
You can also connect with us online for the latest health information on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and OttawaPublicHealth.ca. Cultural services Karsh-Masson Gallery and the OAG Annex will remain open.
You can also contact Crime Stoppers.
You can also create new segments there and use the robust route maker to plot new running routes in your neighborhood.
You can also deduct food and lodging expenses if you have to spend an overnight stay while searching for your next job.
You can also drag your finger across each image and slide between the thermal and regular views.
You can also experience lack of energy, weight gain and many more problems.
You can also get directly in touch with the people best placed to do something about it by downloading a template letter to your local MP asking them to back the campaign.
You can also learn from the masters, as they can save you from making some mistakes and can improve your investment approach.
You can also narrow your search by photographer, dates and more.
You can also see all the users that you are following, all the users that are following you back and go from user to user and see who their followers are.
You can also see investor doubts in the valuation.
You can also send a free ProfNet request for experts.
You can also send a tweet to @CalgaryCommute.
You can also take turns to read out loud to each other.
You can also text “INDYCS” plus your tip to 274637.
"You can also treat it with very aggressive enzymes and it remains completely active.
You can also upload a clip of up to 30 seconds (not 10 minutes) from your phone’s camera roll — but for now, camera roll uploads are available only on iOS.
You can also use as it as spot treatment. 2. Coconut oil as a tooth whitener It sounds strange but all you have to do is place 1 teaspoon of coconut oil into your mouth in the morning and swill for 15 minutes.
You can also use SDS to transparently share storage resources between client operating systems without any fuss.
You can also use the center button to active voice recognition software.
You can also use Touch ID to secure access to Eyes Block.
You can also watch the webcast on Space.
You can apply online at dcso.com. What are your Super Sunday plans?
You can apply to "defer" payments on your loan for up to three years, and the government will pay interest for you during this time for certain kinds of federal loans.
"You can argue the science until cows come home, but that just appeals to people's intellect," says Marcia McNutt, the incoming head of the U.S. National Academy of Sciences and former director of the U.S. Geological Survey and Science editor.
You can become infected by eating this contaminated food or touching a sick person or contaminated surface and then touching your mouth.
"You can become radicalized.
"You can believe what you want, but just keep it to yourself.
You can binge watch the 10 episodes or let them stretch out over the fall TV season.
You can build off this.”
You can call or text the helpline for support advice and options or email 116000@missingpeople.
"You can change public habits," she said.
You can choose a more complex sort by adding sort levels.
You can come at it from two different perspectives," said Schimmel.
You can contact me at susansalesharkins@gmail.com.
You can convict him if you can prove he knew he was dealing a controlled substance, even if he wasn't sure which one it was.
You can count the number of female drivers who have entered a race in the World Championship on one hand.
You can deduct the entire business-related mileage, from the minute you pull out of the driveway until you return home, says Gary W. Carter, CPA and author of "J.
You can disable sound, have it play on the remote PC, or have it play on your Mac.
You can disable the full panoply and stick to a series of already-defined voice commands.
You can do simple polls, these are one-question surveys.
You can do this -- I'll tell you how and why it makes perfect sense.
You can download that spreadsheet template for your own use at the bottom of this article.
You can earn a livable wage, with benefits.
You can easily avoid a cab fare by walking over from the MTS Centre, and tickets are only $10, so it won't break the bank.
You can eat No, really, you can.
You can either save now or borrow later because the ‘aid’ you are going to get is debt.”
You can either say, we're in the present; we've got this trajectory and we basically feel like it's going to continue.
You can even ask it questions naturally, like "show me some new horror movies."
You can even call me colored, or change the label a few more times, and it won't matter to me.
You can even develop social problems, such as being scared of going to work, having a hard time communicating with people or experiencing difficulties in relationships," Kizilhan says.
You can even get a government grant to part-finance the reassignment procedure.
"You can even see the fear in my pupils' eyes."
You can even use this outreach to share a special discount with those who supported your business over the weekend.
You can even visualize yourself accomplishing a future goal or, as Women’s Health magazine puts it, “picture yourself in an elevator, happily sandwiched between two hot actors of your choice.”
You can expect it to handle any daily tasks with ease.
You can expect to see leadership from Colligo, harmon.
You can finally talk to your wristwatch!
You can find a simple one for $20 16. Change your car's air filter to save gas money.
You can find coupons in your newspaper or via apps and online sources.
You can find Lion Stout at local retailers with large import sections, or behind the bar at Northdown Café and Taproom (3244 N. Lincoln Ave.), which fittingly hosts a yearly fundraiser for big cats called Lions, Tigers and Beers.
You can find plenty of these openings on the Patch jobs board, where employers post thousands of jobs every day.
You can find their offerings at wsoa.
You can find them at the Sepulveda Basin Wildlife Reserve in the San Fernando Valley and at Marsh Park in the Elysian Valley on the weekends from 7:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m., starting next week and going on through to Labor Day.
You can follow coverage of Mr Cameron's statement at 15.30 BST on the BBC News Channel, BBC Radio 5Live,BBC Parliament and BBC Democracy Live.
You can follow David at @davidgallan and don't miss another Wisdom Project column by subscribing here.
You can follow him on Twitter and Instagram.
You can follow him on Twitter @andrewgiambrone.
You can follow it live here on Space.
You can follow me on Twitter and hit me up there if you have any questions or comments you'd like to chat about.
You can follow the Dennis Dinneen Archive on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
You can follow Theisen-Eaton on Twitter: @btheiseneaton.
"You can get a resolution that is life without parole, and you could do it for a lot less money, a lot less time, a lot fewer resources" and without "re-traumatizing victims," Zerkin said.
"You can get it somewhere else in the world, and they are."
You can grab tickets on the Poutine Fest website once tickets sales are live.
You can grow up to four plants per residence at home out of public view.
"You can have 10 children if you want, but you should space them out," she says.
"You can have all the bells and whistles of production these days, and these guys that are out there singing on the Grammys with auto-tune," Jon Bon Jovi said.
You can have a normal life," she said.
"You can have the best modeling in the world but not know the effect of all the variables," Ainsworth told the Times.
You can hear him talk about the project in the video below.
You can help by sponsoring one of 322 kids for $40 a weekend this summer.
You can help refugees in many ways; no one is forced to share a room with them.
"You can hit something that most other weeks would be a good birdie chances, it takes a hop and you're in the water scrambling for par or bogey.
"You can imagine what that was like.
"You can just keep going, or you can shoot yourself in the head.
"You can kind of hear where they're from," he said.
You can listen live here or on digital radio.
You can listen to an interview with one of the fishermen who caught it here.
You can look specifically at the Men's Trauma Recovery Program (MTRP).
You can love or hate Trump but he's impossible to ignore.
You can make your own call at Ta Prohm.
"You can manage the vegetation around the house to decrease the ability for the flame front to actually get to the house."
"You can mark it down.
"You cannot accuse me of something that there is no evidence for."
"You cannot bring peace and security to people just by signing an agreement.
"You cannot imagine how difficult it is for us to raise our voices," says an activist sitting in a Riyadh hotel cafe.
"You cannot really approach celebrities."
You can now beef it up by requiring an extra layer of verification.
You can now read emails -- soon you'll be able to reply to them from the watch.
You can now wait in line for an iPhone 6S without leaving your bed at an unearthly hour.
You can of course do this during partnered sex but masturbation offers the opportunity to experiment without needing to take your partner's body into consideration.
You can, of course, hire the services of a copyeditor or proofreader.
You can offset the price by selling or trading in your old phone.
You can pay the same way.
You can pick up to 5. Then, browse through the available trainers, choose your fave and book your workout.
You Can Play was started in 2012 by NHL scout Patrick Burke.
You can power up your Tesla, Nissan Leaf or Ford C-Max energi or Chevy Volt in Moncton, Saint John or Fredericton, and in 25 other communities in New Brunswick, including Sackville, Caraquet, Petitcodiac, Dalhousie, and Jacksonville.
You can read about more weird and wonderful workplaces here.
You can read a full list of the nominees here.
You can read a full transcript of the Q&A in the chat window above.
You can read more about how the documentary came about -- and follow Benning's future endeavours -- on his blog, Filmumentaries.
You can read more about Stamp Out Stigma here.
You can read more here.
You can read my full review here.
You can read the assessment here.
You can read the full poem below.
You can read the paper."
You can really tell that the CYFN is between a rock and a hard place.
You can register to vote in Oregon online.
"You can save $500 a year on your electric bill" is a more positive approach than, "You're paying too much for electricity."
You can say something and I can say something in response.
You can say the same about Cinderella (1950), Alice In Wonderland (1951), and Sleeping Beauty (1959).
You can scream or cry, it won't change anything," she said as she watched firefighters do their work.
You can search for participating bars, which can be found all over the map.
You can see him is in this video: In the second video, released yesterday, police say this person was "walking in the vicinity of the incident on the date and approximate time in question."
"You can see I don't have a problem in the locker room," he said.
You can see in all tiers of public policy, education comes first.
You can see it for yourself, right here on ABC Columbia.
You can see lines that indicate corners of cut walls, and these are the things that I noticed first," says Reeves.
You can see men, women, their machines of war, and learn how they lived and trained.
You can see that none of these elements matches the rear design of the old Nexus 5. Assuming the leak is indeed based on existing LG design documents, it would appear that the South Korean manufacturer has made significant changes to its Nexus concept.
"You can see the sealers out on the moving ice floes, you can see the danger that was there and I think this of all that we have, this has the greatest impact to our visitors," Coles-Hayley said.
You can see they look very good," says Luc Champeyroux, one of the partners, gently applying one to his forearm.
You can see West Ham United’s new stadium, St Pancras Station looking shiny and new and the town’s Gallagher Stadium - all made from Lego.
You can send it to a local news editor; email local@charlotteobserver.com to send us your tip - or - consider joining the Public Insight Network and become a source for The Charlotte Observer.
You can send tips, get crime updates or communicate with police.
You can send us an e-mail at thecurrent@cbc.ca. Find us on Facebook, or tweet us @thecurrentcbc.
You can share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.
You can shop for a new bicycle here, here and here.
You can solve Social Security that way."
You can still print whatever you want.
You can still program as much as you want, you just have to go out with your friends, go out into town.
You can support the Nepal Earthquake Response online, or by texting MED to 80888 to give $10.
You can't afford the things that everybody else has.'
You can take photos, video and notes from a Windows 10 or iOS device (an Android app is coming soon) and plug them into a Sway presentation later on.
You can take some of the money from your Jebified job and Jebified home and earn a college degree in the evenings if you haven't got one.
You can talk with a real estate agent, attorney, or better yet, a fee-only financial planner.
"You can't allow a raid against Assad and his planes if there is the slightest risk of hitting the Russians also.
"You can't be a first choice until you become a second and Marco Rubio has surged in that.
You can't be a politician, wringing your hands, worried about what the public opinion polls are saying or worried about the negative attacks.
"You can't be your own man when you don't have any experience at all in the big leagues," Sukarsono said.
You can't call up one of their photos and stories without feeling a deep sense of loss and what might have been," said CBC Montreal managing editor Helen Evans.
"You can't conduct foreign policy by press releases and pious statements in parliament.
You can't do anything," he said.
You can't do that with human drivers.
"You can't drill a curved hole," says Chausovsky.
"You can tell the kids at Woodland are eager to point their program in the right direction.
You can tell the manufacturing date on it, 2013, so it's relatively new, but you could tell it had been sitting out in the sun for quite a bit of time.
You can test your home for radon with a do-it-yourself kit from the hardware store.
You can't fault the Ballmer era Microsoft for keeping the Office golden goose producing revenue while all this was going on: perpetuating the culture of last century 'paper logic' office work was a spectacular financial success.
You can't force it.
"You can't get any closer to the governor than he is," the mansion's coordinator said.
You can't give up an onside kick and you can't not get any first downs in the fourth quarter and expect to win.
You can then call the lenders and ask them to verify the fees and start comparing the terms.
You can then place your Apple Watch over the white pedestal arm so that it charges.
You can then select the language needed, as well as the version and whether you want a 32-bit or 64-bit version too.
You can tinker with professional plant hormones or whatever fertilizer you think’s going to give you an advantage,” Wolf said.
You can't just be digital but not know how to touch people, or how to do have the human condition be part of the experience that you extend.
"You can't just decide you want, say, a salad that has watercress in it today and tomorrow I'm going to have something that has red cabbage," she says.
"You can't knock on someone's door and say, 'Hey, can I have your food and water?'
You can't leave half of us hanging.
You can't make this stuff up!
"You can't negotiate with an entity like this; you can only fight it."
You can toggle that feature on and off in the Radios pane (in the list to the left).
You can't please everyone, but you do your best.
"You can't police people's thoughts," he said.
You can't push more austerity on a people who are already hurting.
"You can't put a number to someone's emotional or nostalgic attachment," said Hindman, who by Friday had received 500 advance bids and online bidding registrations by people in some three dozen states and a half dozen foreign countries.
You can't really tell how the technology's going to be used until you use it.
"You can't release the rich and confine the poor, only because of their inability to pay," she said.
You can’t remember the last time you took a single day off just to relax and do nothing.
You can't rewrite the history of a whole era.
"You can't run a business like mine if you are an idiot.
You can't rush healing. 9. You don't have to live everyday like it is our last.
You can trust our experience, and knowledge of DUI and Drivers License Reinstatement law to give you the best possible chance of license recovery.
"You can't shrug that sort of thing off," she says.
You can't spend all day every day building this thing.
You can't stop momentum if you can't score."
You can't talk about ending the slums without first saying profit must be taken out of slums.
You can't tell an awful lot about someone by spending just a morning with them, particularly as a journalist, but my impression was that they are close, connected and have fun.
"You can't tell him that he can't lead another life, that he can only be a criminal.
"You can't wake up in the morning and say, 'I'm going to open a store tomorrow,'" Brey says.
You can tweet us at @thanetextra or leave a message on the Thanet Extra Facebook page.
You can use an HDMI hook up for the console, and it can also stream video over Wi-fi.
"You can use neutral criteria to identify terrorists.
You can use pictures of me to market your movie, but you can’t use pictures of the cat, dammit.
You can use this information to jump to that particular video snippet, and see it separate of everything else.
You can use your voice to search or enter queries in text, and Cortana is accessed just like any regular Android app.
You can watch the equivalent of the Zapruder tape of the incident below: Contact the author of this article or email tips@gothamist.com with further questions, comments or tips.
You can watch this explainer video from Story of Stuff Project, a nonprofit environmental group and one of the plaintiffs in the suit.
You can wear shorts no matter how your legs look.
You can work to make your yard less attractive to ticks depending on how you landscape.
You can write with a quill pen and use a wax seal!
You come to How-Dude.me with the hope of turning your dubiousness into dudeiousness.
You come to the bedrock, the slurry wall, the emptiness, and you are suddenly enveloped in a space that isn't just what you see on the ground.
"You could actually be fined or go to jail for not practising archery enough."
You could actually wear it walking down the street.
You could almost say that she plunders a bit from everywhere - and clearly has success with that approach.
You could also consider peer-to-peer lending, but you may be running out of time at this point.
You could also display the Apply Styles dialog (see Figure B) and choose a style from the drop-down list.
You could also try your local farmer's market for fresh, in-season produce. 21. Cook with a crock pot and save over $2,000 each year.
You could be featured on CNN Sport.
You could buy an Apple AirPort Extreme and an AirPort Express for around the same — and those products are backed by a proven reputation (and extensive customer support options).
You could buy anything you want in Poland: Jaguar, Mercedes, the most recent model of laptop.
You could buy the cheapest version on offer and still look like a high-roller.
You could do it from your computer at home.
"You could have assassinations one day, you could target an institution the next day, and it's impossible to stop," Gohel says.
You could have hired anybody.
You could have made a difference if more of you came out to vote.”
“You could hear him trying to sell it,” he said.
You could install them -- it's all available.
You could move further out in the suburbs where you can get more housing for less money.
"You could not tell in the clubhouse if we're down 0-2 or up 2-0," winning pitcher Marcus Stroman said.
You couldn't even hardly find flour.
You could say petrol prices might drop to 85p if retailers react to oil prices.
"You could see he was holding back the tears."
You could see singe marks on the light bulbs and the housing.
You could see up to 100 meteors passing by.
You could spit on me and we could call it assault.
You could take a charter bus and arrange for that."
You could trap the water vapor, then condense it back to a liquid.
You could upload video, you could rate it.
• You could use pork escalope's cut up in place of pork tenderloin if you prefer.
''You'd be hard pressed to find a guy anywhere, anytime, I can think of a name or two, but that's the whole history of basketball, that can give you the kind of all-around performance and all-around leadership that LeBron does for his group,'' he said.
"You'd be surprised by the amount of people that would actually speed in a construction zone," said Const.
You definitely know how to bring an trouble to light and make it important.
“You definitely need to come out there and enjoy the entertainment,” Mr. Wallace said.
You deserve a better way of living with Luna."
You deserve the best because you are the best, and the sooner you let that resonate with you, the sooner you will find you are truly a queen, and love yourself.
You did nothing to perpetuate an investigation that would lead us to the truth," Duffy charged.
You disguised your offending by making entries on a computer, however, it was your subterfuge, it led to your down fall.
"You'd never know, but underneath these clothes it's a horror movie, it's disgusting."
"You'd never see fireballs travelling sort of parallel to each other, even during a meteor shower," Boschat explains.
“You do get a lot of hired help,” said Shirwaikar, a senior software-development engineer at Amazon in Hyderabad, as his 9-month-old twins, Abhay and Tarun, crawl around his living room.
You do get some benefits for the higher price, including longer battery life, but the Presence Basic doesn't surpass the Voyager Edge in every regard—or as an overall package.
You do know that's what happened in Ireland, yes?
“You do not — as any financial planner will tell you whether it’s from the prime minister on down — you do not run around and change your plans based on daily market news.
"You don't abandon your core beliefs, you go try to persuade people as I'm doing now," Bush said.
You don’t beat good teams with 5-yard passes.
"You don't believe that confession?"
You don’t cure these people.
You don't even need to tap the screen to capture — Scanner Pro 6 can automatically scan what's in front of your phone and save it, which allows you to quickly scan multiple documents.
You don't for years cover up Mark Foley's child predation without being one yourself.
You don’t get an upfront tax break with a Roth, but withdrawals in retirement are tax-free.
You don’t get many chances to amass so much elite talent.
"You don't get training wheels for the presidency.
You don’t have to see a financial planner to make a money date work for you.
"You don't know how to build your software stack," Pichai remarked to the developers in the audience.
You don't know if she got hit by a car.
You don't know me, but I know you.
"You don't know what he's going through.
"You don't know what it looks like or it sounds like..
You don't need a student certificate to fly with an instructor, but you will need one if you eventually fly solo.
"You Don't Own Me," also produced by Jones, was a dramatic assertion of independence and pride.
You don't produce oil,” said Clark.
You don't put just that piece aside; you throw out the whole bowl.
“You don’t really say French fusion, Italian fusion,” Yang notes.
"You don't represent us, you represent the central government!" one middle-aged woman shouted, using a common and colorful Cantonese expletive.
You don't want someone in China having to access an app that's sitting in California," Wiederhold said.
You don't want those things to happen, but it's next man up and you just have to keep on moving."
"You don't want to alienate anyone on your campus of any race or religion.
“You don’t want to spend all the time and effort and build a company no one wants,” said Mudit Rawat, founder and CEO of on-demand alcohol and grocery delivery company servicing the Toronto area called Urbery.
You don't want to subsist on macaroni and cheese in your youth in order to live in luxury when you're old and can't enjoy it.
You don't want to upset the authorities in China!"
You do realize it’s not 1973, right?
You'd probably still have to help your friend / family member out but getting them on the Chrome OS developer channel first -- a requirement for the currently experimental feature.
You'd think the guy who wrote Pet Sematary and It would be the last to be into genre-shaming, but the world is funny.
You'd think the last place in the United States where we would try to chill speech would be where we educate people to be part of the democratic process and prepare them to be citizens."
You'd think they'd ask locals for dining tips.
You expect to spend time on the business.
You face an employee pension crisis and the Garden State has the third highest foreclosure rate in the country.
"You feel like some kids are probably going to get left behind, and that's sad to think about," Rose said.
You feel like you can get out of bed in the morning and make eggs.
You find situations where a whole family, 6 people are living in one room.
You forget about reality."
You get a city filled with people bent on a socialist idealism with the political clout to get it enacted, but without sufficent metro tax revenue to fund most of it.
You get manipulated into thinking that way.
"You get on base four times, you're going to get some runs across the board," Counsell said."
"You get tired and overwhelmed defending your faith all the time; you feel like everybody's looking at you," said Saqib, who runs her husband's medical office in the small Illinois town of Carmi, about an hour west of Newburgh.
"You get to feel that you are living in different countries in one country," he says.
"You get to show people within minutes what your product is, and you can sell thousands of units within minutes," Greiner says.
You get to use the guys you want to use."
"You go deeper than most people could even imagine their body going.
You go out and say, 'Ah, everything is so nicely painted and fixed up.'
You go through a middleman that promises to keep your information private.
You go through a year like this and you think, 'Am I finished?
You go to a land where there is nothing, and you see people living like they would 100 years ago.
"You go to the dirty areas and just kind of bang away.
You gotta get them when their light's on.
"You gotta have 218." Rep. Thomas Massie of Kentucky, who backs Webster, said the Benghazi comments should give conservatives a rallying cry against McCarthy.
“You guys are going to die without me!
"You guys are setting a great example for all your friends in school and in the neighborhoods, and we're really proud of you for that," the president said, before shaking hands all around, including Nia's.
You had called her "disgusting" — a word that sane people are now using to describe your presidential campaign.
You had such a good heart and will be forever missed.
"You had the full transition in that community," Wehreim told The Huffington Post.
You have 60 days to decide whether to take it.
You have a couple of seconds when people say, 'I wonder who this person is?'
You have a deadline: Friday, July 10 at 6 p.m. How do you get in touch?
You have all of January.
You have a lot of publicity where you see more than some underwear," he said.
You have also cited a New York Times op-ed talking about the people Secretary Clinton might theoretically chose as advisers.
You have an eye-to-eye view, very similar to the view we'd have if sitting in the room with them.
"You have a variety of different owners in the property, you have a portion of the property that's in bankruptcy," explained Mark Richard with the Downtown Spokane Partnership.
You have colleagues, people you send notes to, you give them an idea of your projects and where you want to get to.
“You have companies that are within five to 10 minutes of city hall that are really pushing the envelope on ground-breaking technologies.”
You have focused on your values and acquiring things to make you feel more secure.
You have former San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom, 47, who is eyeing the governor’s mansion.
You have heard this argument before and have willfully dismissed it - we are here to tell you that you will no longer be able to continue under this hateful name."
You have many fans out here and we're looking for every one of your achievements.
"You have moments that will stay with you for a while.
You have never been shot at or wounded.
You have no control over it.
"You have no idea what you would do."
You have no material that will allow you to overcome that hurdle today.
You have not shown any of those.
You have old beliefs and experiences that tend to push you in a certain direction or color your thoughts in a certain way..
"You have people here who are running school districts.
You have read Malcolm X and directed it, you have filmed some of this most cinematic historical fictions of all time.
You have so many people involved saying, ‘Hey, this is a problem,’” Jones said in an interview with Yahoo News.
You have so much loss.
You have spent your teenage years selling yourself, proving your toughness, your beauty, your worth in dollars and cents.
"You have the most terrible headaches as there are no medicines.
You have the right to believe whatever you want, but you do not have the right to force your beliefs on another nor indeed punish them for theirs.
You have The Tribune group and The Guardian group.
"You have thousands and thousands of businesses on both sides of the border that are set up to operate the way they are because the rules of NAFTA exist," he said, "so it's not the kind of thing you could just pull the plug on overnight."
You have to always be keeping an eye on the future," Bird says.
You have to balance it."
"You have to balance it with the fundamentals of your economy and of basic needs.
You have to be aware of that so that you attain the necessary degree of composure.
You have to be brave in order to be free."
You have to be on your toes.
You have to be ready for that.
"You have to calculate and calibrate for that," she says.
“You have to choose” is a myth that well-meaning people tell us throughout our lives.
“You have to come out ready to swing.
"You have to consider the fact that people may not want to sit on this jury," he told the judge.
"You have to count.
You have to do something about North Korea.
"You have to do the same thing any taxpayer would do, which is you're going to file a return, say this is what I earned, these are my expenses, deductions, whatever it might be," Koskinen said.
"You have to go back to the Great Depression to see something like this," says Duncan.
You have to have good teachers in the very beginning of your desires.
You have to keep studying and keep learning," says Rankin.
"You have to know about slavery to know why we didn't have the right to vote," said Faya Rose Toure, one of the museum's founders.
"You have too many corporate gun lobby lap-dogs in Congress who take money and don't support background checks," he said.
You have to reach consensus.
You have to stay positive.
"You have to stay strong for them while you're on the line."
"You have to take responsibility and get on with it.
You have to try it," Luckey said.
You have to wonder: Why would ISIS leaders provoke France, the U.S., and Russia into joining in "a grand coalition” to rain 500-pound bombs on their heads?
You have two great stellar football teams going after each other, and we were able to come out on top tonight.“
You have until 6:00 the evening before the departure to accept.
"You hear a theory and you hear innuendos.
You heard me correctly.
You help keep us strong.
You, however, might never have dreams again with the droning outside your window.
"You identify the birds that you see, so obviously you have to be confident in that," Artuso said.
You: It's not that big a deal.
You just came down that rapid I fell out of this raft in?
You just can't believe what the water does.
“You just don’t know where a good performance against them could catapult you to – it would certainly put you on the radar.
You just feel a call to action and a call to do whatever you can to be a part of the solution."
"You just feel it when airness is there," she said.
You just gotta let me go," James yelled to good friend, Damon Jones, his former teammate who works with him on his shooting.
You just have to be reasonable.
You just have to suffer.
You Just Never Know 08:32 ET from Millard A. Gregory He is Millard Avon Gregory, and of course that is a pen name.
You just put your lips together and blow.'
You just secured yourself a guarenteed reader.
"You just to have keep fighting and still have your dreams and goals there and slowly climb the way up."
"You just try to give everything you have," James said.
You know at some point it's just not something that deserves a lot of time and attention."
You know, at some point what's going on?
You know, because you can't read the Internet all the time.
You know how in a hotel, there is usually a huge mirror over the sink and then sometimes another mirror on the door?
You know I don't want to get water in the basement or anything once everything starts to melt."
You know, in the larger scheme of things, we were just a fraction of the larger struggle for the humanity of minorities, which is still going on.
You know, in this business you meet these awful showbiz types.
“You know, I obviously want to play in Seattle forever.
You know it is in its reproductive state when it has a seed head."
"You know, it's not just being there, standing there on the courts wearing a nice tie and suit.
You know, I've been doing this long enough to know that we're going to have to run a pretty perfect campaign in order to maybe pull this one off."
You know, my most favorite role that I played was a thing that I spent 12 years developing, called The Dollmaker, that I wanted to make a movie of.
"You know our friends in Seattle continue to set the standard," Mike Koppel, Nordstrom's chief financial officer, told investors in September, referring to Amazon.
You know, people are disgusted with the way that money has corrupted our political process, intimidating incumbents and empowering Wall Street every day, the turnstile government that we see, and also the power of the financial sector in both parties.
You know that, right?
You know the drill here: The first order of business is an hours-long keynote address that'll show us exactly what Google's been working on behind closed doors these past few months and what we can expect to play with in the future.
You know, the essentials.
You know, the immigration thing, the things that he's proposing, that he proposed to you, are not going to fix the immigration problem.
You know the kid has got toughness and grit, or he wouldn’t have won the job in training camp.
You know, the largest retailer in the country and the world today, Amazon, doesn't even own a single store?
You know, the Marine Corps, it goes for a longer time, but you're stuck here in the U.S. while shit's going on.
"You know there's somebody out there trying to beat the system every day," Ambak said.
“You know there was a coroner’s office in the basement?” he asked.
You know, this was started by President Obama when he didn't go in and do the job when he should have.
You know we have tremendous problems of crime."
“You know, we see people in our community that need us, and we want to help."
You know what the pay is like, right?”
"You know what, these people backed us.
"You know, when I got the call to be the keynote speaker at the National Prayer Breakfast for 2013, I said, 'Lord, what are you up to?'
You know, where is this puppy coming from?"
“You know you have to sit down and get your work done so you can do the things you want,” Pearce says.
You know, you might have a career here'."
“You know you’re a stoner when your friends make you a Bob Marley cake.”
"You know, you send people into war zones, you send people into dangerous situations and into riots, and you worry that they are going to get hurt.
Youku Tudou Chairman and CEO said: "We are eager to work with Alibaba to grow our multi-screen entertainment and media ecosystem.
You lean new things about how to make production run better.
You learn about fire behavior, how to effectively put out a fire, and handling other emergency situations.
You'll also be able to transfer the movie to a backup hard drive, which you should expect to fill up quickly.
You'll also find Jack's commentaries and video clips of the Cafferty File.
You'll also get a choice of three character chassis designs.
You'll be a better conversationalist, McClure points out.
You’ll be able to create and explore online with up to seven other friends using Xbox Live.
You'll be giving the gift of financial education to your children and yourself -- a truly valuable experience.
You'll be notified if your comment is called out.
You'll find everything from the familiar (Apple TV) to the unusual (a GPS device for your bike).
You'll find it in the bedroom.
You'll get a layered "salad" that combines chopped herring (which, contrary to popular belief, tastes pleasant and a little sweet), roasted and diced beets, carrots, and potatoes, plus a generous helping of mayonnaise mixed with chopped hard-boiled eggs.
You'll get a preview if you drop by Cafe Nostalgica on Friday night, where Bryce Jardine will be headlining a show that'll also feature Amanda Cottreau and Derek Harrison. 9 p.m., $8.
You'll have to swipe over the entire word instead of just a few letters.
"You'll have to talk to my agent," he chuckled.
You'll learn about the city's history, venture through the back streets, indulge in fine wine, and experience many iconic views.
You'll likely use some debt, like a mortgage.
You'll love this The evolution of the Popemobile Black Britain's cultural revolution Chinese copycat movie?
You'll need an iPhone 5 or later with at least iOS 8.2, which was released in March.
You'll need one gallon of water per person per day.
You’ll need to demonstrate that situation is such that you will never be able to pay back everything you owe.
You’ll need to keep her name handy if you’re going to remember it the next time you see her.
You'll need to swear an oath and sign a form that attests your age, name, address and citizenship.
"You'll notice I juxtaposed all the marquise-shaped diamonds on one side and all the pear-shaped diamonds on the other side."
You’ll notice right away the difference that a 21st-century thermostat makes in temperature accuracy, and in the time your systems need to run to keep your home at your preferred environment.
You’ll pay, though, for shared maintenance.
You'll pedal along the headwaters of the Nile River, through deserts and across the Equator, and that's just the beginning of the sights.
You'll see all of your messages in one place, and replying or starting a new conversation takes only a couple of clicks.
"You'll see that they're completely unaffected," said Levett.
You'll still get access to all of the Prime Day deals—plus another 29 days of the benefits.
You'll uncover plenty of indie earworms at The Deli's Living Room takeover, which will feature the Chargaux's immersive violin interludes brilliant uptempo grooves of Rhode Island songwriter Elisa Coia.
"You'll use it for enjoyment, but once you get used to it you'll naturally want to use it rather than a bus or the Tube," Uniwheel's design engineer Grant Fraser says.
You'll want to know what knowledge of those two factors they can demonstrate and "what kind of market presence they have," he says.
You look at the mass public shootings, over half of those shooters were actually seeing mental healthcare professionals before they engaged in their attack.
"You look at Wills and what rests on his shoulders, the expectation, and Harry seems to be able to have a lot more fun," she said.
You lose goodbye — Blerina Hashani (@BlerinaHashani) May 8, 2015 @Independent with your help, well done.
“You made references to requiring unrealistic remuneration for your services but this was all part of the fantasy you were spinning for yourself as a physician.
You make $10 billion, you pay a billion.
“You make a projection in your mind as a teacher but this exceeded what I anticipated.
You marveled at the mysterious woman in a dress.
You may also have to pay penalties for filing a false claim and getting a fraudulent refund, since you are legally responsible for the information reported on your tax return.
You may also want to consider The Buddha's Hand, which is served on the rocks with Kikori Japanese whiskey, St. Germain, lemon juice, OJ, Stone Delicious IPA, Miracle Mile Yuzu Bitters.
You may be asking, why would anyone shop for a home in the winter?
You may be prostrate for a while when you hear that 78 percent of them claim to be viral video experts, according to the online survey, which was sponsored by Mode Media.
"You may detect less personal contact, so that there is less of an opportunity for potential confrontation."
You may enter for this specific giveaway only once.
You may feel achy or feverish, but it's only going to last about two days versus two weeks.
You may find that you spend more money this week on clothing, make-up and accessories, however don’t let this period hurt your wallet, as you could regret an expensive purchase.
You may find yourself asking, "Why?" but it's fascinating all the same.
You may have already used Apple Pay to make purchases with major credit cards.
You may have been thrown off that Superman's secret identity isn't in fact Clark Kent; well on Wednesday, Ironman wasn't billionaire playboy Tony Stark, but rather a mild-mannered KXLY 4 News reporter.
You may have cases where persons, unwittingly, are selling contaminated gas," Robinson said.
“You may have gotten your wires crossed, but if there is trust, you can always figure out how to get back on the same wavelength.”
You may have noticed that the flags on our campuses are at half-mast today.
You may have seen this photo over to the right in the year-end video I shared last Saturday.
You may have to try out a few pairs before you find "the one" but many of these smaller stores have wonderful return policies that will allow you to exchange them for a different pair if after a few runs you decide it's not the right fit for you.
You may not be a liberal but you are definitely ill informed.
"You may recall my election last year.
You may see some added depth in the future, though.
You may want to use this occasion to switch to a more contrarian-oriented adviser who can better protect you in a bear market.
“You might as well just call it the Jackson County Fire Department, because it’s not Maysville if it has no affiliation with the other side of the tracks.
You might buy a modem that's not compatible.
"You might call it an altered state of consciousness, an alternative state of consciousness."
You might consider it the bowling alley for typhoons moving across the Pacific," said Bob Henson, a weather and climate science blogger for Weather Underground.
You might favor good old caffeine, or new-age nutritional supplements.
You might have some bad financial habits right now you don't know about.
You might keep the deductible a little high to save on premiums and then, if something unexpected happens, you can cover the out-of-pocket expense with your emergency fund.
You might not agree with Graham's hawkish stances, but nobody in the establishment lane (including George W. Bush's own brother) has made the case for a robust foreign policy better than Graham has.
You might not have to make a pilgrimage to one of HTC's tours to find out.
You might not mind seeing eight heads turn around in the playground when you shout your child's name if you love the name enough..
You might not see that copy-pasted humor for much longer, though: Plagiarism Is Bad has noticed that Twitter is deleting and hiding rip-off joke tweets due to reports "from the copyright holder."
You might recall resident uproar caused the canceling of Wavefront Music Fest at the same spot last year.
You might say they got what they deserved.
You might use Impala, for example, for real-time, ad hoc queries.
You move on from it.
You must also affirm that you “know” the person in one of three categories: personal, professional or romantic.
You must be the patient and clear-minded one because your college student doesn't know patience yet.
You must pull over if an officer wants you to.
"You name it we do it.
You navigate through the Vivoactive's screens by swiping right on the display, and there are "Back" and "Menu" buttons (a la Android) on the bottom.
You need a certain amount of rebellion within the team, he says in a crushed corner of the congress centre in Davos.
"You need bacteria that can survive the harsh environment of concrete," says Jonkers.
You need dominant big men to succeed and some dominant big men will always be terrible free-throw shooters.
You need machines and you need bugs.
You need that sometimes.’
"You need to accept responsibility," said McLeod.
You need to add your usual payments to the application only for once.
You need to be prepared for any occurrence.
You need to be seen immediately.
"You need to decide that this man is an African, he feels African, he has supported Africa, and I will give him that support."
You need to fix that part of the highway so we don't damage our cars.
You need to get out of it.
"You need to have a carbon monoxide detector on every level of the house."
You need to have an escort to take you around.
"You need to live off the land."
"You need to make allies," Piris said.
"You need to mix with them, joke with them, come to their level," says Nidup.
You need to play good shots to get a good score."
You never asked for "the bathroom" in a public place unless you wanted a bath.
You never get bored of it, there's always different sessions to do, if you're injured you can always do two other sports so I love that part of it."
You never go out in public and think that it's going to happen to you," Guyette said Tuesday, as he visited the spot of where the shooting happened.
You never know," he said.
"You never know what might happen," she had said earlier.
You never quite know when the afterburn will kick in. Pick the right companion.
YouNews 2015 Wildland Fire Season By lronate Published: Aug 6, 2015 at 8:13 AM PDT Last Updated: Aug 6, 2015 at 8:13 AM PDT Annual Refresher and Pack Test scheduled on Saturday, August 8, 2015.
YouNews " Black-throated Gray Warbler" By Slippery Published: Dec 1, 2014 at 9:58 PM PST Last Updated: Dec 1, 2014 at 9:58 PM PST Read More..
YouNews Breckenridge Gets Rain By Rengers Published: May 11, 2015 at 6:28 AM PDT Last Updated: May 11, 2015 at 6:28 AM PDT Last Fridays storm brought little rain to the valley floor but it came down hard in the foothills of Breckenridge.
YouNews Comet Lovejoy from Potlatch Jan 13, 15 By skiidaho Published: Jan 14, 2015 at 6:19 AM PST Last Updated: Jan 14, 2015 at 6:19 AM PST Barely visible from dark locations, much easier to see with even inexpensive compact binoculars.
YouNews Eugene from the Goodyear Blimp By gcrisp Published: Jun 15, 2015 at 6:33 AM PDT Last Updated: Jun 15, 2015 at 6:33 AM PDT What a great blessing to ride in the Goodyear Blimp.
YouNews Fire at local church By TBG1972 Published: Jan 9, 2015 at 6:33 AM PST Last Updated: Jan 9, 2015 at 6:33 AM PST Emergency crews responded to a container fire located at the New Biginnings Church parking lot on Nash St. this evening.
YouNews Fisher Fire Sunset By iTeachAginIdah Published: Aug 17, 2015 at 6:26 AM PDT Last Updated: Aug 17, 2015 at 6:26 AM PDT Fisher Fire in Big Canyon north of Craigmont, Idaho.
YouNews Flooding in Hoqyiam Wa, as of 0400 hrs By hryoung Published: Jan 5, 2015 at 6:41 AM PST Last Updated: Jan 5, 2015 at 6:41 AM PST So Flooding is so bad in Hoquiam Wa wanted to go out and take pictures.
YouNews Forte Studios Ribbon Cutting By Ranbud Published: Oct 3, 2014 at 3:28 PM PDT Last Updated: Oct 3, 2014 at 3:28 PM PDT Grand Opening for Forte Studios in Kennewick WA.
YouNews "Happy Mothers day" By Slippery Published: May 11, 2015 at 6:27 AM PDT Last Updated: May 11, 2015 at 6:27 AM PDT Read More..
YouNews Herd of mule deer in Lewiston By phdixonjr Published: Dec 29, 2014 at 12:05 AM PST Last Updated: Dec 29, 2014 at 12:05 AM PST While on my daily walk today, Dec. 28, I saw this small herd of mule deer.
YouNews Idaho Potato drop 2015 By TammyBixby6fa Published: Jan 5, 2015 at 8:39 AM MDT Last Updated: Jan 5, 2015 at 8:39 AM MDT great night great beginning of a new year Read More..
YouNews Winchester Dam By TheNewJane Published: Dec 22, 2014 at 2:42 PM PST Last Updated: Dec 22, 2014 at 2:42 PM PST Water was flowing fast and heavy at the Winchester Dam on Sunday, December 21, 2014.
Young adult at the movies – Author Gayle Forman's novel "If I Stay" came to the big screen in August, with Jamie Blackley as Adam and Chloe Moretz starring as Mia Hall.
Young adults historically formed the backbone of the country’s assembly-line workforce, but he said many born between 1990 and 1999 now shun manufacturing jobs for other pursuits.
Young and her co-authors, Ellen Balka from Simon Fraser University in Vancouver and Dr. Joel Lexchin of Toronto's York University, say the reports to Health Canada also need to be less onerous and time consuming to complete.
Young buyers love split-level decks for visual interest.
Young Champions self defense classes are held every Monday night at Bailey Elementary School.
Younger children piggybacked on their bigger siblings.
Younger, risk-tolerant investors who are willing to stay invested for the long term may find the risk/return potential of Netflix appealing for their IRAs, whereas older, risk-averse investors will likely want to stay away.
Younger voters, on the other hand, were much more likely to vote "yes."
Younger will sit as an independent.
"Young, innovative entrepreneurs are key to growing and strengthening our economy," said a Clinton campaign spokesman.
Young Japanese fashionistas bumped in to each other to take selfies beneath a giant electronic passenger information table.
"Young Liberians who only months before strode confidently to school with dreams of a future as an engineer, a teacher or a doctor — all of which Liberia desperately needs — had their lives mercilessly cut short," she told AP earlier at her Monrovia home.
Young offered to send Jobs a set of his recordings on vinyl, but Jobs would have none of it.
Young overheard the mom tell the woman not to touch her child, before the woman reached into the stroller and attempted to take the girl.
"Young people were the primary focus of the riots," recalls Fred Heinrich, a longtime film editor who witnessed the unrest from his Los Angeles home.
Young said her clients will be pleased that the bill would include binding arbitration.
Young's own gripe with streaming isn't about royalties: It is about audio quality, which he bluntly calls "the worst."
Young striker Joe Dodoo put Leicester ahead in the early stages, with Mauro Zarate’s deflected shot bringing West Ham level in the 27th minute.
You now know better, so you will do better. 4. Focus on your next paycheck and how you plan to improve your quality of life.
YOU On Demand is headquartered in New York, NY with its China headquarters in Beijing.
"You only get a few moments in your life like this and I recognise that.
You owe it to him, and by extension to yourself, to let minutiae go.
"You pay (tax) with willing submission, feeling yourselves subdued.
“You play the game to win, so the record for wins is the one that means the most to me,” Reynolds said.
You pretend like you're already shot.
You probably already know about the self-proclaimed "caliph," Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, but if you've ever been curious about the rest of ISIS's organizational chart, BBC News tries to fill in the blanks.
You probably can't quit your job any time soon, so practice deep breathing or try an active form of relaxation such as yoga.
You probably considered posting it too -- or maybe you have already.
You probably fought with your friends over which Spice Girl you were going to play when "Wannabe" came on.
You push through a crowd dancing to a live rockabilly band and head to the toilet, tipsy.
"You put those two things together and I think Iowa has a tremendous potential for pushing this onto the agenda of (presidential) candidates in both parties."
"Your ability to get to certain destinations has been impacted," Maybury said, adding that both airport authorities are working to attract other airlines to provide service in Saskatchewan.
"Your allegation of a 'pigtail' ban simply was not supported as evidenced by the fact you continued to wear your hair in pigtails throughout the remainder of your tenure with us without further incident."
You rap about playing soccer together in the "cage," what was the mood like?
"You rarely see Environment Canada and the department of Fisheries and Oceans using the full gamut of their enforcement powers to prosecute polluters, and when they do use those powers, it sends the right message to polluters."
Your attorney is the best source for advice for legal issues in the same way your accountant is the best source of advice for tax issues.
Your best bet this weekend may be the beach.
Your body is beautiful."
Your body is then covered in a local pine-flower honey mask clay to draw out impurities in the skin.
"Your brain is trying to put together thoughts, feel­ings, and per­cep­tions so they arrive as needed, not a second afterwards."
Your broker has been hacked: Now what?
Your browser must support cookies.
Your browser's cookie functionality is turned off.
Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Your cat will probably figure out there's a party and come anyway though.
Your chip is slower/But you'll never touch our BoomSound"?
Your comment has been received and will appear on the site shortly.
Your comment will only be submitted if the strings match.
Your contact details will never be published.
Your credibility will be questioned. 10. Fulfill the requirements Be sure to communicate all legal requirements including, but not limited to, COBRA benefits, last paycheck, unemployment options and transportability of other insurance.
Your daughter is a supermodel, you’re a celebrity.
Your doctors are quick to prescribe you pill after pill so they can reduce the inflammation, lessen the pain and prevent joint damage.
Your doctor will recommend a treatment plan depending on the stage of the patient's prostate cancer.
You're absolute a**holes," is what a deputy from the Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office heard from a woman who was pulled over for going 51 mile-per-hour in a 20 mile-per-hour school zone.
You're a fucked-up faggot, that sort of thing.
You're all better now.'
You really can go all winter without ever getting outside and I think that sort of bred a bit of fear inside all of us," he says.
“You really have to know what you’re doing,” said Alan Purwin, co-founder of Team5, a Van Nuys, Calif.-based company staffed by longtime Hollywood film pilots and aerial cinematographers that supplied the drone work for the “Narcos” shoot in Colombia.
"You’re always getting goals here and they’re creating masses of chances in a game.
You’re always working on a couple of things.
You're an amazing country."
You're a professional hockey player.
You're apt to develop kidney stones due to dehydration and increased excretion of calcium from your bones.
You're a stress case Who hasn't dealt with a high-pressure workday or relationship rough spot by giving into cravings for a pint of Rocky Road?
You're basically drinking a non-alcoholic drink with extra calories.
You receive so many different things: Sometimes they work, sometimes they don't.
You recorded a lot of material but again, songs may be evolving on the road.
You’re covered in snow, and we’re not.
"You re-find things as time goes on," she said.
"You're getting an option in a privately held company — you can't sell that stock."
"You're getting paid to wait and see if there's an earnings recovery in 2016," Emanuel said.
"Your eGift Just Made Someone's Day," the email said.
"You're going to be out shopping, and sometimes it's swipe, sometimes it's chip," said Rob Cameron, chief product and marketing officer at Moneris, the fifth-largest payment processor for merchants in North America.
You’re going to be prepared for that?’
“You’re going to exercise patients who have cancer?”
You're going to get more and more neglect," said Linda Assad Butcher, a retired ER nurse and dean of nursing whose husband, diagnosed with early onset dementia, lives at the municipally run Gary J. Armstrong facility in Ottawa.
"You're going to have a deportation force, and you're going to do it humanely," he said.
You're going to have friends and family who are suddenly going to look at you kind of differently because before, taking a life or potentially taking a life was just a theory, and now it's suddenly a big reality," he said.
You’re going to have more World Trade Centers.
"You're going to have to plan to lose money for a few years."
You're gonna quit smoking, lose weight, get organized and work for world peace in 2016.
You're gorgeous," posted Brianna Nicole Romagnano on Snooki's Facebook page.
"You’re having government workers grade government workers, so it’s not surprising you’d see strong satisfaction ratings," he says.
You're in class to learn, not talk/text, check emails, social sites, etc. They can thank this girl for it.
You're just lucky if anyone gets to see it.
“You’re like a disease.
You're likely more inclined to drink less anyway (well, sometimes), and often, menus are cheaper.
"You're looking at 69-, 60-, 74- and 65-yard touchdowns," Mullen said.
You're looking kind of down to me".
You're losing sight of the goal.
Your emails seem to disappear down a dark hole, and your request to see a new home on the market is begrudgingly met three days later.
“You’re missing a big chunk of what’s going on,” said Selburn, the analyst.
You're not alone with that one, according to fitness instructor Ben Greenfield.
You're not feeling all that sexy this year.
You're not "fighting for your right to party" anymore, like the Beastie Boys sang in the late 80s.
You’re not fooling anyone.
"You're not going to be rubbing against another vehicle."
You're not going to see 23 targets too often to one man.
"You're not going to see another gasoline apocalypse" like after the 2012 Chevron refinery fire in Richmond, California, that helped send gas prices over $4 a gallon, he said.
You're not going to see frantic approaches there.
You’re not gonna say, “Hey, so what are you doing this weekend?” and have her say, “Having a slumber party at my girlfriend’s,” or “Going to prom.”
You're not running a bed and breakfast.
You're one kick away from being public enemy number one," he said.
You're out of funding, but funding is such a vulgar word.
You're out there for so long, going through so many hits, and the game is so fast-paced, especially against this team.
Your epigenome can be programmed all through your life span, but your exposures to nutrition and stress before birth and during infancy are the most powerful.
"You represent with your heroism the soldiers of the Syrian army," Assad told their commanding officer, Colonel Mahmud Sabha.
"You're putting it out there when it's not done, then you're getting all kinds of feedback and stuff that you know is broken."
You're right — while you're working on this project, you can't distance yourself from your feelings because that would require distance from her.
"You're sending people out possibly to die," McDonnell -- a close ally of Corbyn -- said on BBC radio late on Friday.
You're supposed to grow out of doing that, right?"
You’re supposed to grow out of doing that, right?”
You're talking about an international platform for peace and global security being used for corrupt purposes," Browne said.
"You're talking about millions upon millions of dollars," he said.
“You're the chairwoman of the Democratic Party.
“You’re there,” he says, “but you’re not there mentally.”
You’re the star and villain of the day.
"You're throwing away a guy's life," he said.
"You're too drunk to give me directions, man.
You're using Amazon's Web Services, everything can scale, nothing can stop you, and you're smarter than the rest of the world.
Your Evening Video: Pay attention this time, Governor: Tweet of the Evening: Go ahead and google the history of people calling foreigners/immigrants "disease-ridden" and decide if that's the side you wanna be on.
"You're white and you're black.
"You're worried about the past or the future — not what you're eating in the present," she adds.
Your existing password has not been changed.
"You're young and you can go without a ton of blood, you don't need it as much as a lot of other people," said Hagewood.
Your Financial Literacy Terry Milewski's 2003 documentary Architect Frank Gehry transforming cities: 'Why put up with banality?'
Your garden hose will not put it out -- it will only spread the fire around.
Your going to see a lot of bikers injured or worse, dead.
Your go-to resource for everything marathon Watch the 2015 Bank of America Chicago Marathon Live NBC 5 offers full TV and online coverage of the event beginning at 7 a.m. Email Print Can’t watch the 2015 Bank of America Chicago Marathon in person?
"Your head is messed up, you have this killer virus coursing through your veins, you feel like a pariah..
Your health, our expertise.
"Your honor, Tom Benson changed his mind, and he had every right to do so," Wittmann argued.
Your immune system tries to guard you from dangerous things, like streptococcus bacteria or influenza viruses.
Your instinct was to keep them.
"Your kids can go into these things knowing absolutely nothing, having no idea of what you think is right or wrong, having no idea of the facts or you can talk to them about it.
Your life as an elected official is public.
Your low-maintenance mixed hedge row will add interest and beauty in all seasons for years to come.
Your morning dose of need-to-know news, weather and more.
Your mortgage and car payment!
Your most amazing videos, from above Watch out!
Your Nest and other devices will, of course, capture so many of your domestic predilections too.
"Your now a rat I hope you die," Walker wrote.
Your number is in the negatives, and like the majority of men and women, you spend more than you make.
Your only problem afterwards will be not wanting to leave.
Your opinion (unless you refuse to see the obvious) of cops and the appreciation of what they do will be very high.
Your parents are smiling -- your grandpa is even smiling!
Your pity does considerable damage.
Your Playlist Expand Collapse Watch the day’s top stories and analysis to help wrap up your day.
Your post-opening investors, like Revolution, are mainly tech startup firms, though increasingly interested in the food space.
Your product can't be very competitive when you're not assimilated into the local market and society."
Your product works well, but for my senior team, their only interaction with you was during negotiation and onboarding and they still remind me of it.
Your profile has been deleted.
Your relationships will be passionate, meaningful, deep, and fun!
"Your REM cycle is strongly connected to cognitive functions like creativity, memory and coming up with solutions to problems," says Dr. Robbins.
Your reminder will be sent “A coach came to my kindergarten when I was six,” Kai Zhang says, “and he just, like, touched my body, my shoulder, that kind of stuff, to see my potential.”
Your reminder will be sent Earlier this month, the Supreme Court declined to hear a high-profile insider-trading case, delivering a setback to the efforts of Preet Bharara, the United States Attorney in Manhattan.
Your reminder will be sent Elisabeth Denison is a member of the magazine’s editorial staff.
Your reminder will be sent Jon Lee Anderson, a staff writer, began contributing to The New Yorker in 1998.
Your reminder will be sent The music of Dej Loaf, whose “Try Me” is one of the year’s most surreal and unanticipated rap hits, is consistently resonant and surprising.
Your reminder will be sent “The New Yorker story” emerged as a distinct literary genre in the nineteen-fifties, thanks in part to John Cheever.
"Your rent should be 10 percent of your expenses per month.
Your sisters and brother miss you a lot.
"Your sole concern has to be the mother and her health."
"Your specific personal data is never actually seen."
Your starting to foam at the mouth a little.
Your strategy is your best defense and will help you earn respect over time, even as a new product manager.
"Your success as a company will greatly assist our national effort to attract more wealth-creating and job-creating investments to Jamaica.
Your talking about low speed maneuvers here..
Your third suggestion is plausible, but this act matches up completely with the North Korean mentality.
Your true colours are shining through One unexpected wedding stands out as one of Carey's favourites.
Your tshirt still shows you are a fan.
Your video begins in Disabled Father Surprises Daughter by Walking her Down the Aisle Ralph Duquette, in a wheelchair while undergoing cancer treatment, learned to walk again for daughter's wedding.
"Your way is not my way."
Your wifey looked smokin' in that sexy ensemble.
Your willingness to give your all in playing any hand you're holding determines your ultimate success or failure in life.
Your world in 90 seconds.
You said I could ask them anything, right?
You say, "Maybe that's what separates legends from stars."
You say, 'Okay, I don't feel good so let's do something fun today!' and then what happens is that you're a thrill-seeker and you're never really dealing with your emotions."
You say that Poles are afraid of having a strong state.
You say the plates are not locked, they are slipping but yet there is concern over the San Andreas fault which is NOT slipping.
“You see a lot of supply coming on the market, and global consumers aren’t as motivated to buy,” says David Binder, chief financial officer at Blue Nile, an online retailer.
“You see downturns, but not like this,” he says.
You see, if someone cites a passage from the Quran, they have not proved much beyond their ability to cite a passage from the Quran.
"You see it in department stores, in shopping malls, in underground shopping areas, in touristy places - you see it everywhere," Hanus told CBS News' Seth Doane.
“You see, once the Peninsula is unified under the command of General Kim Il-sung, a beautiful new era will begin,” he went on.
“You see people out here freezing because they’re wearing spring jackets,” said Proulx.
You see, that little store became much like Floyd’s Barbershop on the Andy Griffith Show, complete with Truman McKinney (who owned a barbershop) and was a frequent visitor.
You see, the federal and state governments are doing everything in their power to keep us safe from outside threats, but there is little they can do to stop someone from going to a church or theater.
You see these nice beautiful trend lines, six years without too much interruption."
“You see the value of the call station?
You see this at the high school level but these are kids, who I think of as children, and we saw a lot of adult content on these platforms," Faris said.
“You see this supreme confidence that you can’t lose by being on a certain side of a trade.”
"You shall not think they are strong..
You should also know that our country is holding a raucous debate about religious freedom, an issue that you're expected to address in Philadelphia, the birthplace of our independence.
You should also set clear working hours so that you aren't focusing on work the entire time.
You should ask yourselves what would happen to that wildlife if hunting was now banned.
You should clearly lay out important information about what the business owns and owes, and include a detailed list of of accounts and passwords.
You should define a different relationship with the West.”
"You should have a team of experts who understand the language, culture and values of the inmates and focus on the ideology," he said.
You should have seen our students working trying to dry off those Chromebooks.
You should say thank you more!"
You should sometimes change everyday routines, such as where you go for coffee or your route to work.
You showed no mercy for me so I have no mercy for you."
You sit in there and heat up, and then you pour heated buckets of water over yourself.
You sort of have to jump into it and do it that way.
"'You sound like a marching band.'
You started this presidency with a very productive relationship with President Medvedev and the relations are now probably at their worst since the Cold War.
You start to feel deflated, and your willpower fades.
You surveyed seven thousand people, you analyzed the data, and you found that parents over the age of 34 were happier than younger ones.
"You talk about a classic scapegoat, he is it," Bergstrom said.
"You talk to Conservatives they'll say the person they least want to run against is Theresa Oswald because they think Selinger's leadership is politically damaged and Ashton as a veteran doesn't represent change — he represents continuity," Thomas said.
You talk to us about products "Made-in France" but where exactly is the value and the real benefit?
Youth empowerment will incorporate real and vigorous rehabilitation programs for those who lie hopeless in our prisons and are prone to fall back on the very ways that took away their liberty in the first place.
"You think jail is hell, try living the past 28 months trying to wrap our heads around having to bury our 28-year-old daughter.
You think sending me negative tweets or Facebook messages online affects me?
You think we're this alien thing but actually no, we're from within your very communities,'" Pantucci added.
You think you're having a heart attack.
"You told us you don’t love the words shrink and diet, and we’re happy to say we kicked those to the cover curb ourselves over the past year.
"You try talking to the Russians.
YouTube Gaming is Google's effort to compete with Twitch, a video service focused specifically on video games where many users go to watch live video of other gamers.
YouTube is offering new users a 14-day free trial to Red, but to continue commercial free, you'll need to pony up.
YouTube is the second-largest source of Web-streaming traffic next to Netflix, according to data from Sandvine network management provider, while video on Amazon Prime ranks at a distant eighth place.
YouTube painted the front of the Coppertank Events Center red to emulate its logo.
YouTube remained blocked after the ban on Twitter was lifted.
YouTube says it is able to block illegal video clips by using a technology it developed which adds a digital fingerprint to any copyrighted video brought to its attention.
You two have to kiss and make up."
You used to be able to potter around in heels with no trouble at all.
You use it to warm up houses."
You use that money so your partner can take time off with the baby.
"You've admitted that some of the things you've said in the past weren't true, that some of the ways you've acted weren't true."
You've been able to tell the time of year by the mood around the Emirates for years now - If they're on a brilliant run, it's April and they're too far behind to make a difference.
You've been an inspiration to so many during & after your playing career.
You’ve been gone long enough.
You've been the one chosen to snatch a cape dramatically off Madonna during a musical number.
You've done a good job so far, but nobody is very proud of that.
You've done many things for staff and students over the years and especially for our students with special needs.
You've got 999 services sitting around waiting for the other one to come back up."
"You've got a lot of high-resolution imagery of people's property and stuff that you're flying over," in addition to causing clutter in the sky.
You've got a lot of life to live.'
"You've got a situation here where the market is forecasting weaker economic growth, not stronger," said Adam Sarhan, CEO of Sarhan Capital.
You've got European motorcycle makers Ducati and BMW (BAMXY) as well as Yamaha (YAMCY), Honda (HMC) and Kawasaki (KWHIF) from Japan.
"You've got fantastic initiatives putting laptops or teachers in schools, but if children aren't attending the schools because they're ill, again it's wasted resources.
"You've got that old saying of: 'As goes Ohio, so goes the nation,'" he said.
“You’ve got this irreversibility problem because the child was never going to get that door back open,” he says.
"You’ve got to be inclusive," Guilfoyle said.
"You’ve got to do it expeditiously," Cedric Rockamore told me during our executive question and answer interview published in Sunday's Philadelphia Inquirer.
“You’ve got to get people over their nervousness for talking about this issue in front of your friends and even people you don’t know,” Berkowitz said.
"You've got to give kudos to their staff and their players."
You've got to keep the Russians, the Europeans, the Chinese all together.
You've got to leave me in," Collins remembered Harvey saying.
You’ve got to pick that flag up and go.”
“You’ve got to stand proud to say that people are with us — that is, they’ve walked away from the fire that had every potential to be a killer,” Lapsley said.
You've got to take the rough with the smooth."
You’ve got to try to force the energy back up any way you can, but you can definitely feel it when everyone is trying to go through the motions.
You've got your regular to-do list (for instance, all those end-of-month bills) and then the holiday checklist.
You’ve heard him before, right?
You've Instagrammed every liter of beer and shot every pile of sausage, mound of pork and load of dumplings you devoured in the past two days.
"You've just got to act," Brownback said.
"You've made my first year experience in America one that I will always fondly remember," read another.
You’ve never known anyone else to so accurately convey his joy and excitement through dance with only using his upper body.
You've never seen a boat sail like this Created with Sketch.
“You’ve never seen this before, so there’s a ‘wow’ factor.
You've probably also changed the names of the beneficiaries on insurance policies and pension benefits.
You’ve probably noticed the small computer chip (sometimes called an EMV chip for Eurocard, MasterCard, Visa) embedded in the front of credit and debit cards issued in the past year or so.
You've shown everyone how great community theater is done.
You've surely seen the ads for heavyweights like FanDuel and DraftKings, which allow fantasy football lovers to select salary-cap lineups anew each week, and compete against hundreds of thousands of other users in sprawling tournaments.
You've traded white bread for whole grains Wheat, barley, rye—whole grains like these deliver essential nutrients that have life-lengthening benefits.
You walk a little further, and then a checkpoint for Daesh (ISIS.) Another bit, and it's the Free Syrian Army," says one young woman who arrived with her extended family from Deir el Zour.
“You walk out for a final and the timing is the last thing on your mind,” said Australia’s Mitchell Larkin, who won 100m and 200m backstroke gold in Kazan.
"You want stories, you want controversy.
You want to be coming out of here with three points.
You want to come back and keep fighting, and keep swinging and keep trusting the process and the journey.
You want to grow your followers on a regular basis.
You want to reap the financial benefits of homeownership.
You want to say, 'Hey, does everybody care about this?
“You want to see that move travel all the way down to that anchor point."
"You want to work with better people and work against them, and that's where you'll try your best to be more competitive."
You watch streaming media.
“You were driving the car, it is improbable that your driver was at the wheel,” the judge told him.
"You were lucky," Lederman told me at the beginning of our chat.
You were so consumed with desire for the hardware that you forgot a console is only as good as its software.
You were supposed to buy one of your nephews some merchandise related to this show, but it cost eighty dollars, so he got an educational card game instead.
"You were supposed to make $1 billion in the state.
You will always be remembered and will continue to motivate and inspire countless people!"
You will, at some stage praise the work of the rapidly diminishing number of officers and perhaps, as you have so often done in the past, link that faint praise with your oft repeated assertion that crime is down.
"You will be happy to know that everyone is happy and healthy!" a police department spokesperson said in an email to NBC News on Tuesday.
You will find pleasure in sharing and relating with another and feel a greater urge to share physically also.
“You will find something to do; you will find someone to help; you will find a way to lend a hand."
"You will gain an unbelievable amount of knowledge," he said in March 2013, just weeks before the bombings.
You will likely be unsurprised to learn that they did not do so well!
You will meet patients such as Sean Kiernan, an accomplished investment banker, and Amelia Taylor, a stay-at-home mom.
You will move words around in sentences and sentences around in paragraphs.
You will not be able to unsee this.
You will not escape our focus."
You will not vest any shares before you hit the cliff, but all of the shares for that time will vest when you do hit the cliff.
You will perhaps try to argue that we really do need zillions of transactions to get the right price for financial products.
You will ride along with us for the dawn of the first federally approved clinical study on the use of marijuana for PTSD.
You will see and understand the significance of all that you have been doing.
"You will see Mr. Mulcair in the coming days but his priority now is preparing caucus to hold the government accountable," said Mulcair's director of communications, Shawn Dearn.
"You wind up disadvantaged just as you begin.
You won't be able to go through that.
You won't be able to replace the expertise overnight.
You won't be disappointed."
You won't feel intimated at Framed—there's no snotty receptionist giving you the once over, no fancy pants concierge judging your handbag.
You won't have to pay more than 9.5% of your annual income.
You won´t know anything about what is going on.
You won't want for beer, either; sample from 80+ craft brews!
You worked with an international team: In which ways did foreign experts support German provenance researchers?
You would be surprised how much you alleviate stress by having a partnership inside of the system.
"You would divide the city in half with a 20-foot wall," he said.
"You would hope that they would want to be an exemplar".
You would never hear these folks call Ronald Reagan, Jesse Helms, or any other conservative “great.”
You would never know the costume only required a 10th of the fabric needed for a human costume, he said.
You wouldn't be blamed for rolling your eyes, considering the message comes from a company that makes most of its money off advertising.
You wouldn't like that," Nancy Fuller said.
You wouldn't, so why do the same thing virtually?
You would think at some point, our administration would grow just as tired of hearing about our unethical and outdated politics as the rest of us.
You would think that when it comes to watching major league baseball the best way by far would be via the MLB.
You would think the house of empt would hang out with its own mpt clan.
Yovani Gallardo collected his 100th career victory, while an error by Toronto right fielder Jose Bautista allowed Texas to score three times in the seventh inning in a 4-1 win over the Blue Jays on Thursday.
YPD says there aren't many limitations.
YPG fighters and rebel units were combing through Tal Abyad to clear mines and booby-trapped cars left behind by IS, before allowing civilians to return.
Y., returns to the chamber as a group of Senate Democrats led by Schumer offer a series of gun control amendments to the budget bill, on Capitol Hill in Washington, Thursday, Dec. 3, 2015.
Y.) said bloodhounds picked up a scent this morning that suggests the pair could be around Cadyville, 4 miles away from the prison.
Y.), Speaker of the House John Boehner (R-Ohio), President Barack Obama (D) and Irish Prime Minister Taoiseach Enda Kenny depart the annual Friends of Ireland luncheon on Capitol Hill on St. Patrick's Day 2015.
Yui from Japan's space agency, JAXA, Kjell Lindgren of NASA and Oleg Kononenko from Russia's FSA entered the station shortly before 5:00 Thursday UTC.
Yukawa was captured in August outside Aleppo.
Yukimura also adds the ability to back-up and restore your system to an external USB drive (a feature that was supposed to be in the 2.0 update a few months ago) and expands the console's social media options.
Yukon Commissioner Doug Phillips says he hopes his new office will become a centre of activity in that part of downtown Whitehorse.
Yukon Energy says electricity was restored to all customers by 10:25 a.m. ATCO Electric Yukon has also released more information about Thursday morning's outage that cut power to 1,000 customers in the Logan, McIntyre and Copper Ridge areas of Whitehorse.
Yukon Premier Darrell Pasloski says the territorial government is contributing $60,000 towards this year's camp, which is added to $50,000 in contributions from Yukon First Nations.
Yukon RCMP have said they will limit what they publicly say about the incident, to "avoid influencing the investigation or any future processes that may result."
Yukon riding profile: Scrambling to make the vote count 3:02 In the Yukon, federal election debates have focused on the economy, civil liberties, electoral reform, and a need for change.
Yukon Women in Trades and Technology (YWITT) had more than 100 Yukon high school girls in Grades 8 to 12, building, tuning and fixing in after-school workshops held last week.
Yukon Zinc still owes the Yukon Government $2.8 million in security against estimated closure costs of $10.5 million, and the government says the real cost of cleaning up the mine is likely to go up.
Yum revealed that not only was KFC terrible, but Pizza Hut had hit a wall and has descended alarmingly fast.
Yuneec's goal is to supply the core airframes and control systems for a wide variety of specialized uses while marketing a widely available mainstream range of semi automated products that are easy to use for the average person.
Yunis Meri, chair of the municipal council in the Arab-Israeli village of Fureidis, and a Likud supporter, said he hugged the prime minister at the gathering.
Yuri was found face-up on a mountain trail, with bullet wounds to his head, stomach and arm.
Yusor Abu-Salha She and Barakat were married on Dec. 27, and a photo posted Monday on Facebook shows the 21-year-old being twirled on the dance floor: "Dancing with Daddy," she captioned with a heart.
Yusuf and Amal had brought five children on board, including their first daughter, Fateh.
Yvonne Boe, communication manager of Stockholm Airport, describes the simulator as a "direct link to the whole world" that could help passengers prepare for their journey.
Yvonne Chiu, assistant professor of politics at the University of Hong Kong, said that Xi's pledge to cut troop numbers was relatively insignificant given that China's military budget would likely continue to rise at a double-digit pace.
Yvonne Colbert Reporter Yvonne Colbert is a graduate of Ryerson University and has been a journalist in Nova Scotia for almost 35 years, covering everything from human interest stories to the legislature.
Yvonne Lee said she was heading home on 140th Street when traffic came to a stop so a mama duck could walk her ducklings across the street.
YYZ – With a few exceptions, airport codes starting with "Y" designate Canadian airports.
Zaatari is home to more than 83,000 refugees, which makes it one of the world's largest refugees camps and essentially the fourth largest city in Jordan, according to the United Nations.
Zabadani, about 45 km (30 miles) northwest of the capital Damascus and about 10 km from the border with Lebanon, has been the focus of a weeks-long offensive by the army and Hezbollah aimed at wresting control of the town from rebels.
Zabadani has been the focus of a weeks-long offensive by Hezbollah and the army against insurgent groups holed up inside.
Zabawa says she then lost her position as banquet manager and was switched to a sales job.
Zabielski is a director and executive producer of Tosh.
Zabka played Johnny Lawrence, the bullying teenage nemesis of Ralph Macchio's character in the movie.
Zachary Fucale stopped 25-of-27 shots for St. John's.
Zachary is the son of Kenneth and Michelle Nasternak of Lancaster, NY.
Zachatecas Liudahl 5pts And how are they going to do that to those who already possess a firearm?
Zach Randolph and Marc Gasol led the Grizzlies with 12 points apiece.
Zacks Equity Research 7:00 Here’s Why Old Republic (ORI) is a Buy Zacks Equity Research 3:59 Are the New China ETFs Worth Buying?
Zacks Equity Research 7:00 Lancaster Colony and O’Reilly are Aggressive Growth Stocks Zacks Equity Research 4:30 Valero and Tesoro: This Week’s Top Value Stocks – Nov 3, 2015 Zacks Equity Research 7:29 Does Hunger Games Park Make Lionsgate a Buy?
Zack Smith, Bobby Ryan, Kyle Turris and Jean-Gabriel Pageau scored in regulation for the Senators, who snapped a four-game losing streak (0-2-2).
Zahran Allouch is pictured on July 21, 2015 in the Syrian town of Douma.
Zaire is a member of the Cincinnati Children’s Champions program, which is meant to inspire other families going through a difficult time as well as raising awareness about a disease or health issue.
Zakharova said Russia had intelligence about Turkey buying oil from IS a while ago but preferred not to publicize it.
Zamora's earlier announcement was supported at the time by his party's president, Jorge Velado, who called Romero "a historical leader of the country, a leader for Catholics, because he was our guide and the head of our church."
Zangeneh said there are many countries and investors looking to cooperate with Iran once sanctions pressures ease.
Zanna said the latest attack mirrored Boko Haram's overrunning of the town of Bama in September.
ZANU-PF insiders said the development ran against a resolution passed at congress, mandating the party’s national elections directorate manage internal elections.
Zarand is one of over 50 Romanian villages where the Dutch banking giant Rabobank now owns large tracts of land, as part of a 315-million-euro ($337-million) investment into farmland in Romania and Poland.
Zarar Khan reported from Islamabad.
Zarif later joined the meeting, and shortly thereafter, the ministers emerged and told aides they had an accord.
Zarif told lawmakers the U.N. resolution restricted development of missiles designed to carry nuclear warheads, saying this would not affect the country’s missile program as Iran does not have a nuclear missile program.
Zarkaoui's daughter, Ghina, wanted to bring her family by boat but Zarkaoui convinced her not to because, she says, a lot of people are dying that way.
Zarnel Hughes has had a British passport but not born here.
Zarqawi’s terror wasn’t limited to Iraq.
Zarqawi was the one to execute that policy on hostages, using his security cells of his organization to kidnap diplomats, aid workers, contractors and journalists, then killing them with his own hands.
ZDNet Japan Apple Mac security: MacKeeper exposes 13 million user account details The maker of Mac utility software MacKeeper has admitted to leaking 13 million user account details from an unsecured database.
ZDNet Japan Apple's enterprise push will depend on more than just hardware Apple is getting serious about selling to businesses, but there are still many hurdles to overcome.
ZDNet Japan Battle of the iPhone inductive (wireless) Qi chargers If you ever wanted to use wireless charging with your iPhone, this article has you covered.
ZDNet Japan CVS Health, IBM plot Watson deployment CVS and IBM are teaming up to use Watson to better treat chronic diseases.
ZDNet Japan Hands on: Small office scanning with the HP OfficeJet 3830 If you're looking for a compact, multi-function printer and scanner, the HP OfficeJet 3830 is a decent budget device, with some handy features, but also a couple of frustrations.
ZDNet Japan Headline エンタープライズ・コンピューティングの最前線を配信 builder by ZDNet Japan International Business Sites The Japanese edition of 'ZDNet' is published under license from CBS Interactive, Inc., San Francisco, CA, USA.
ZDNet Japan Mass vulnerabilities exposed in enterprise D-Link devices, home routers Collectively, security researchers have exposed over 100 vulnerabilities in home routers and business products.
ZDNet Japan MongoDB adds BI tie, gears up for growth MongoDB reveals product announcements and ambitious plan for growth at MongoDB World.
ZDNet Japan Remote robotic surgery is both practical and safe New research suggests that today's internet is fast enough and reliable enough to make telesurgery viable.
ZDNet Japan Zero Day Weekly: Chrome for Android exploit, ransomware hijinks, the 'biggest breach ever' Notable security news items for the week ending November 12, 2015.
ZDNet sought comment from the film lobby group the Australian Screen Association (formerly known as the Australian Federation Against Copyright Theft).
Zeba Blay Voices Culture Writer, The Huffington Post David Livingston via Getty Images Last night's Emmy Awards show was full of amazing moments, but the moment was when Viola Davis took the stage to accept her Outstanding Lead Actress Drama award.
Zeba Blay Voices Culture Writer, The Huffington Post Michael Tran via Getty Images Kanye West is a complicated man, and last night he made what is perhaps his most complicated speech to date.
Zeeshan: Wow I taste a more buttery aftertaste in yours.
Zehaf-Bibeau shot 31 times, report reveals RCMP release unseen video from Zehaf-Bibeau's manifesto As it was, the Hall of Honour became a shooting gallery.
Zeines started breaking the rules.
'Zelda,' 'Batman' among anticipated games due in 2015 By DERRIK J. LANG 14 hours ago LOS ANGELES (AP) — Link, Master Chief, Batman and Nathan Drake will be back in action.
Zelfs took everything you loved about your classic Treasure Trolls and made them taller, brighter and more wide-eyed.
Zelinski said he knows how hard it is for some people hit with a big repair bill.
Zeller made one of two at the line at 1:06 and, after a missed shot by DeRozan, Smart made a 3 from the corner to put Boston up 114-113 with 32 seconds left.
Zelmerlow finally triumphed with 365 points, with Gagarina receiving 303. Sweden's sixth Eurovision victory came 41 years after Swedish group Abba's triumph with "Waterloo" launched their world career.
ZenFone 2 has built-in 4G/LTE connectivity for blazingly-fast data speeds of up to 150Mbit/s plus 802.11ac Wi-Fi, ensuring stutter-free streaming of video and music as well as a smooth all-round mobile experience.
Zenit St. Petersburg went to the top in Group H after winning 3-2 at Valencia and nine-man AA Ghent’s 1-1 draw with Lyon.
Zerai and his colleagues were trying to show people that human beings all over the world would jump fences and climb over walls for a couple of euros and that migrants who were trying to escape oppression were just the same.
Zero Day Weekly: Sony settles breach suit, Pwn2Own loses HP, Mac keychain attacks Security fact or fiction?
Zhang and Liu were in Wenzhou advising Protestant churches about the demolitions when they appeared to be detained on Tuesday night, said Radio Free Asia, which first reported Zhang’s disappearance.
Zhang and Yang, the money-launderers, had the ill luck to fall afoul of an important Chinese government policy priority - because effective capital controls are necessary for China to maintain control of the exchange value of its national currency.
Zhang escaped alive and is in police custody, although he has not been accused of any wrongdoing.
Zhangjiajie Grand Canyon bridge is due to open in Hunan province later this year, about 300 kilometers (186 miles) northwest of Shiniuzhai.
Zhang took the bribes to seek benefits for others when he served as the Communist Party chief of Liaozhong County and the procurator of the Shenyang municipal procuratorate.
Zhang was the last living member of a group of Chinese “comfort women" who sued Japan for apology and compensation in 1995.
Zhan Min - Imaginechina Technology companies could face a worrisome wrinkle for their operations in China with the arrival of a law meant to combat terrorists.
Zhao Shunjin practices writing her neighborhood's name.
Zhao was then unable to board because she was deemed "too drunk to fly" by gate agents after she reportedly began rolling on the floor and screaming.
Zhao works on the production line producing solar panels at Yingli Solar, one of China's largest solar power companies.
Zhou, 72, was jailed for life in June after a secret trial, the most senior Chinese official to be ensnared in a graft scandal since the Communist Party swept to power in 1949.
Zhou became so intoxicated that she was found rolling on the floor and acting erratically at a boarding gate at Beijing Capital International Airport, reports the South China Morning Post.
Zhou was sentenced to life in prison for accepting what the court said were "particularly huge bribes."
Zhu said Dai previously created collages of former Chinese President Hu Jintao covered with the heads of random people, but had not received any warning that anyone in government was paying attention.
Zi-Ann Lum HuffPost Canada Ikea Canada announced plans on Thursday to donate $180,000 in furniture and furnishings to aid charities helping Syrian refugees settle into their new homes.
Zico, a hero of the Brazil teams of the late 1970s and early 1980s and a former Brazilian sports minister, declared on Wednesday that he would enter the race.
Zico's office, presided over by traditional stained glass interior windows, is cluttered with art, papers and antique furniture.
Zier just learned of the preserved site in May and insists it was never disclosed when he bought the property about 10 years ago.
Zilliac says Techane would translate for people and help them find family members in Ethiopia.
Zillow shares rose immediately following the announcement, but slipped and were down as much as 9.5 percent in after-hours trading Tuesday.
Zimbabwe's economic woes have left artists struggling for funding.
Zimbabwe’s industry’s capacity utilisation plunged from 36,5% in 2014 to 34,3% this year, according to the latest manufacturing sector survey.
Zimmerman didn't respond to a message left on his cell phone Monday by The Associated Press.
Zimmerman filed a defamation suit against NBC News in 2012.
Zimmerman himself is still coming to terms with how fully he should embrace the app's philosophy, dipping further into an existential spiral while pondering whether he should even be promoting its existence.
Zimmerman recognized Apperson as someone he had a problem with several months ago.
Zimmerman's attorney, Don West, called the case "more complicated than it initially appeared" and said he was disappointed Zimmerman had been arrested in the first place given the doubts surrounding the case.
"Zinc is by far the best active ingredient that will protect you from long-term damage in your sunscreens."
Zionist, in its purest sense, means anyone who believes the state of Israel has a right to exist, but has become in many circles a term meaning supporting the actions of the Israeli government.
ZipDial gives clients phone numbers for use in marketing campaigns.
Zito was considered by many a mentor to the young Pele, and was also known as the man who first saw the talent of Neymar, when the current Barcelona forward was only 11, telling Santos directors to sign him as quickly as possible.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic: 'Paris must go on' Zlatan Ibrahimovic: 'Paris must go on' 01:20 Perhaps understandably, Ibrahimovic looks back with great pride on the journey that has taken him from the "ghetto" of Rosengard to Paris.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic: 'Paris must go on' Zlatan Ibrahimovic: 'Paris must go on' 01:20 The month-long Euro 2016 finals begin in Paris on June 10, with 24 teams from across the continent playing in 10 different cities.
ZocDoc is a U.S. web site that provides virtual or on line appointments with a licensed physician.
Zola delayed making a ruling for Ayala’s case saying he wants to review testimony before he decides if the case will be forwarded to county court.
Zombie spider builds a stronger web for the parasitic wasp that's sucking its blood What the hell do you call these Bluetooth fashion crimes?
ZOMIG can be used for migraines with aura -- those accompanied by symptoms before the headache even begins -- and migraines without aura.
Zongo published Burkina Faso's Independent newspaper and at the time of his death was investigating the murder of a driver who worked for Compaore's brother.
“Zonta uses the color orange to feature a zero tolerance attitude to domestic abuse in this country and around the world,” said Marisa Mason-Smith, President of the Zonta Club of New Providence.
“Zoolander 2″ is set to hit theaters Feb. 16, 2016.
Zoo owner Dave Bethel told CBC News last week the building was in disrepair — with a failing heating system and an old roof — and that he was struggling to raise the $400,000 needed for repairs.
Zoo researchers are working on developing northern white rhino embryos to be implanted in the six new arrivals, who will serve as surrogate mothers.
Zoo spokeswoman Mziya Sharashidze said eight lions, all seven of the zoo's tigers and at least two of its three jaguars were killed.
ZooWorld is hosting a two day ZooBoo event on October 31 and November 1 from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., so you can stop by before you go do your traditional Halloween route.
Zoo Zajac sells 50 species of tarantula and maintains one of the finest reptile collections in western Europe—better, even, than many zoos.
Zorniger: 'We'll make changes' Baumgartl returns to training in midweek and should travel to Berlin While Stuttgart don't have Champions League football to look forward to next week, they are just as desperate to overturn a wretched period of form.
Zuckerberg hopes that by "more transparent and inclusive," companies like Cleartrip, NewsHunt, NDTV and the Times Group in India will bring their sites back, allowing citizens to browse the best of the web.
Zukunft attributed it to the service's greater presence on the water after having to pull back its boats two years ago to meet automatic funding cuts.
Zumper created a map that breaks down how much of an increase or decrease each neighborhood experienced on average—though, sorry to say, Valley dwellers have been left out once again.
Zurich Insurance abandons plans for RSA bid 21 September 2015 Image copyright Reuters Zurich Insurance has announced that it has finished its discussions with RSA and does not plan to make a bid.
Zwerling said the study emphasizes the importance of identifying patients who may be at a risk for falling at an earlier age, in order to prevent falls.
Zwibel is concerned that authorities could use the notion of infiltration as justification “to engage in surveillance or profiling of legitimate, non-violent activist groups.”